- [Instructor] Domain-based microservices,
as you might imagine,
are based on domain-driven design patterns,
but what does this mean in practice
to someone building out a services architecture?
We will dig into this area where domains come into play,
in this video.
Data domain decomposition is the lowest level
of decomposition that you will usually see
in a microservices architecture.
The core problem we're trying to solve with this
is to make our services more scalable,
as such you'll need them smaller and much more focused.
Decomposition of the domain level
is one of the most efficient ways to do that.
These services are driven by the data domain itself.
They focus on serving the data as it will be used
throughout the system, and applying logic
for the domain itself, and nothing outside of the domain.
And that's key,
only worry about logic within the domain itself.
The underlying schema is not important
when designing these services.
The access patterns for the data is what is important.
That being said, often they will share
some very key characteristics.
The key factor is that they focus on the data patterns,
and the domain itself.
You will build decomposed services
that focus on one data domain.
Sometimes a domain shares enough traits with another
that you will merge them into one single domain.
Sometimes they won't have enough sharing
and you'll need to split them up.
But again, the key here is to focus on your data,
and how it is actually used throughout your system.
When it comes to designing your domain,
and hence your domain services,
there is not a recipe card to make this happen.
Much of the design comes from trial and error
with fast iteration,
but experience will reduce this burden.
Hopefully, it is clear that we should be doing
domain-driven design for the most part of this point.
This course isn't going to be one
on domain-driven design.
That is at least one course in its own.
And in fact, it already exists here in the library,
but we're going to talk about a few basics.
You need to start with the model
when building services around data domains.
You never start with the database.
You start with the model.
The model itself should represent your domain
to the outside world,
and you need to consider how the model is needed,
and how it is consumed.
Next we need to evaluate the actions
that we'll need to perform on these models.
Don't think solely in terms of crud,
and don't think solely in terms of rest.
You can work actions into the API,
if they are applicable to your domain.
Now we need to apply the service definition itself.
We start with the API contract.
Again, we're focusing on the model,
and not the underlying data store.
Then we work our way down to ultimately the storage
of the data and implementation of the actions.
Let's take a look at a visual representation
of how we would build these services.
Obviously in a much simpler scale
than most of you will deal with,
but hopefully it should solidify the topic for you,
because this is so critical.
First, we start with our model design.
This includes all of the attributes of our model itself.
Next, we'll define our actions.
Now you're going to then write your service boundary,
and expose your actions as APIs.
Finally, you build your data store to store the model.
Note, the model doesn't have to match the schema
in the data store itself.
Now, this is a very simplified view of the pattern,
because it is all based on domain-driven design.
Of all the patterns, however,
you will use this one, the most.